# packages in environment at /home/yanhu/utils/miniforge3:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
archspec                  0.2.3              pyhd3eb1b0_0  
argcomplete               3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 hf600244_0    conda-forge
bioconductor-annotate     1.80.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationdbi 1.64.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationfilter 1.26.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-beachmat     2.18.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biobase      2.62.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biocfilecache 2.10.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocgenerics 0.48.1            r43hdfd78af_2    bioconda
bioconductor-biocio       1.12.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocparallel 1.36.0            r43hf17093f_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biomart      2.58.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biostrings   2.70.1            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-bsgenome     1.70.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-bsgenome.hsapiens.ucsc.hg38 1.4.5             r43hdfd78af_2    bioconda
bioconductor-cner         1.38.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-data-packages 20231203             hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedarray 0.28.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedmatrixstats 1.24.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-dirichletmultinomial 1.44.0            r43hee7dd41_0    bioconda
bioconductor-ensdb.hsapiens.v86 2.99.0           r43hdfd78af_12    bioconda
bioconductor-ensembldb    2.26.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodb 1.38.1            r43hdfd78af_1    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodbdata 1.2.11            r43hdfd78af_1    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicalignments 1.38.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicfeatures 1.54.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicranges 1.54.1            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-glmgampoi    1.14.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-go.db        3.18.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-hdf5array    1.30.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-iranges      2.36.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-jaspar2020   0.99.10           r43hdfd78af_7    bioconda
bioconductor-keggrest     1.42.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-matrixgenerics 1.14.0            r43hdfd78af_1    bioconda
bioconductor-protgenerics 1.34.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5        2.46.1            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5filters 1.14.1            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5lib     1.24.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rhtslib      2.4.0             r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rsamtools    2.18.0            r43hf17093f_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rtracklayer  1.62.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-s4arrays     1.2.0             r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-s4vectors    0.40.2            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-seqlogo      1.68.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-singlecellexperiment 1.24.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-sparsearray  1.2.2             r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-sparsematrixstats 1.14.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-summarizedexperiment 1.32.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-tfbstools    1.40.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-xvector      0.42.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-zlibbioc     1.48.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
boltons                   23.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310hc6cd4ac_1    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.24.0               hd590300_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.3.11            h06a4308_0  
cairo                     1.18.0               h3faef2a_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py310h2fee648_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda                     24.3.0          py310h06a4308_0  
conda-libmamba-solver     23.12.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda-package-handling    2.2.0              pyh38be061_0    conda-forge
conda-package-streaming   0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
curl                      8.5.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
distro                    1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
fmt                       10.2.1               h00ab1b0_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_1    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         13.2.0               h338b0a0_5    conda-forge
gettext                   0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    13.2.0               h76e1118_5    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         13.2.0               h338b0a0_5    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  8.3.0                h3d44ed6_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_h4f84152_100    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jq                        1.5                           0    bioconda
jsonpatch                 1.33               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpointer               2.4             py310hff52083_3    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_17    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libarchive                3.7.2                h2aa1ff5_1    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.22.5               h661eb56_2    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.22.5               h661eb56_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.5.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     13.2.0             ha9c7c90_105    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h807b86a_3    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_5    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_5    conda-forge
libglib                   2.78.4               h783c2da_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h807b86a_3    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libmamba                  1.5.7                had39da4_0    conda-forge
libmambapy                1.5.7           py310h39ff949_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              13.2.0               h7e041cc_5    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsolv                   0.7.27               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.44.2               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  13.2.0             ha9c7c90_105    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               h7e041cc_3    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h1dd3fc0_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.3               h232c23b_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              h516909a_1000    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
mamba                     1.5.7           py310h51d5547_0    conda-forge
menuinst                  2.0.1           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h59595ed_2    conda-forge
openssl                   3.2.1                hd590300_1    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    3.1.13               ha770c72_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.52.1               ha41ecd1_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.42                hcad00b1_0    conda-forge
pip                       23.3.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pybind11-abi              4                    hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
pycosat                   0.6.6           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.10.13         hd12c33a_0_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    4_cp310    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
r-abind                   1.4_5           r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.2.0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r43hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-azimuth                 0.5.0             r43hdbdd923_0    bioconda
r-base                    4.3.3                hb8ee39d_0    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r43h57805ef_1006    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.84.0_0          r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bit                     4.0.5             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-bit64                   4.0.5             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_7             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.4             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_30            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bslib                   0.7.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.0.8             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.2            r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r43hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_22            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.2             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.8.0             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.6             r43h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_20            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.1_0             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.9.1             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-cowplot                 1.1.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.4.7             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.2.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-curl                    5.1.0             r43hf9611b0_0    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.15.2            r43h029312a_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.2.2             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  2.5.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-deldir                  2.0_4             r43h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.35            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-dotcall64               1.1_1             r43h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.1.4             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-dqrng                   0.3.2             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.33              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.23              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.6             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.1             r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-fastdummies             1.7.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.1             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-fastmatch               1.1_4             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-filelock                1.0.3             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-fitdistrplus            1.1_11            r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-fnn                     1.1.4             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-fontawesome             0.5.2             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_86            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.14              r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.6.3             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1           r43hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-future                  1.33.2            r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-future.apply            1.11.2            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gargle                  1.5.2             r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.3             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.5.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggrepel                 0.9.5             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-ggridges                0.5.6             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-globals                 0.16.3            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.7.0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-goftest                 1.2_3             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-googledrive             2.1.1             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-googlesheets4           1.1.1             r43h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-gplots                  3.1.3.1           r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.5             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gtools                  3.9.5             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-hdf5r                   1.3.10            r43h0e8ca13_0    conda-forge
r-here                    1.0.1             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.3            r43h61816a4_1    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.10              r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.3             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.8.1           r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.6.4             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.6.15            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.7             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ica                     1.0_3             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ids                     1.0.1             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-igraph                  1.5.1             r43hb147323_1    conda-forge
r-irdisplay               1.1               r43hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
r-irkernel                1.3.2             r43h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-irlba                   2.3.5.1           r43h316c678_1    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.7             r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-jquerylib               0.1.4             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.8.8             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_22           r43h13b3f57_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.46              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lambda.r                1.2.4             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-later                   1.3.2             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.22_6            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r43h57805ef_4    conda-forge
r-leiden                  0.4.3.1           r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-listenv                 0.9.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lmtest                  0.9_40            r43h61816a4_2    conda-forge
r-lsei                    1.3_0             r43hd8f1df9_3    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_60            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.6_5             r43h316c678_0    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             1.3.0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.1             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.9_1             r43h316c678_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-miniui                  0.1.1.1         r43hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_164           r43h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_19            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-npsurv                  0.5_0             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-openssl                 2.1.2             r43hd7d0243_0    conda-forge
r-parallelly              1.37.1            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-patchwork               1.2.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pbapply                 1.7_2             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_11            r43hc2df49b_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.9.0             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-plotly                  4.10.4            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.9             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-png                     0.1_8             r43h81d01c5_1    conda-forge
r-polyclip                1.10_6            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-powerlaw                0.80.0            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pracma                  2.4.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-presto                  1.0.0             r43hdbdd923_0    bioconda
r-prettyunits             1.2.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-progressr               0.14.0            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-promises                1.3.0             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   1.0.2             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.8.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.26.0            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.12.3            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-rann                    2.6.1             r43ha503ecb_4    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r43h785f33e_2    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.12            r43h7df8631_0    conda-forge
r-rcppannoy               0.0.22            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rcpparmadillo           0.12.8.2.1        r43h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-rcppeigen               0.3.4.0.0         r43h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-rcpphnsw                0.6.0             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rcppprogress            0.4.2             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-rcpproll                0.3.0           r43ha503ecb_1004    conda-forge
r-rcpptoml                0.2.2             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.14         r43hf9611b0_0    conda-forge
r-readr                   2.1.5             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-recommended             4.3             r43hd8ed1ab_1006    conda-forge
r-rematch                 2.0.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-repr                    1.1.7             r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r43ha503ecb_3    conda-forge
r-restfulr                0.0.15            r43h56115f1_3    bioconda
r-reticulate              1.36.1            r43ha18555a_0    conda-forge
r-rjson                   0.2.21            r43ha503ecb_3    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.3             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.26              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rocr                    1.0_11            r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1.23            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rspectra                0.16_1            r43h08d816e_2    conda-forge
r-rsqlite                 2.3.4             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.16.0            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rtsne                   0.17              r43h7ce84a7_0    conda-forge
r-sass                    0.4.9             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.3.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-scattermore             1.2               r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-sctransform             0.4.1             r43h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-seurat                  5.0.3             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-seurat-data             0.2.1             r43h9ee0642_0    bioconda
r-seurat-disk             0.0.0.9021        r43h9ee0642_0    bioconda
r-seuratobject            5.0.1             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.8.1.1           r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-shinybs                 0.61.1            r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-shinydashboard          0.7.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-shinyjs                 2.1.0             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-signac                  1.13.0            r43h21a89ab_0    bioconda
r-sitmo                   2.0.2             r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-snow                    0.4_4             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7_1           r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-sp                      2.1_3             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spam                    2.10_0            r43h9f9f741_0    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_17            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.data           3.0_4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.explore        3.2_6             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.geom           3.2_9             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.random         3.2_3             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.sparse         3.0_3             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.utils          3.0_4             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.8.3             r43h9facbd6_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.5.1             r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-survival                3.5_8             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4.2             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-tensor                  1.5             r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-tfmpvalue               0.0.9             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.2.1             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.3.1             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.2.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.50              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tzdb                    0.4.0             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.4             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-uuid                    1.2_0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-uwot                    0.1.16            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.5             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.2             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-vroom                   1.6.5             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-withr                   3.0.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.43              r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-xml                     3.99_0.16         r43hc38eee6_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.6             r43hbfba7a4_1    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r43hc72bb7e_5    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.3.8             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-zoo                     1.8_12            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
reproc                    14.2.4.post0         hd590300_1    conda-forge
reproc-cpp                14.2.4.post0         h59595ed_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml               0.18.5          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml.clib          0.2.7           py310h2372a71_2    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                68.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_17    conda-forge
tdac-seq                  0.1.dev64+gedfb2d0.d20240812          pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h0c5db8f_5    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomlkit                   0.12.4             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
truststore                0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xmltodict                 0.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.9                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yaml-cpp                  0.8.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
yq                        3.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.22.0          py310h1275a96_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                hfc55251_0    conda-forge
